Docs: add MCP streamable-http transport (#9093)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/develop/mcp/launch_mcp_server.md

        - --mcp-script-path=/ragflow/mcp/server/server.py
        - --mcp-mode=self-host
        - --mcp-host-api-key=ragflow-xxxxxxx
        # Optional transport flags for MCP (customize if needed).

>         # Host mode need to combined with --no-transport-streamable-http-enabled flag, namely, host+streamable-http is not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # If you set `mcp-mode` to `host`, you must add the --no-transport-streamable-http-enabled flag, because the streamable-HTTP transport is not yet supported in host mode.
```

>         # The following are enabled by default unless explicitly disabled with --no-<flag>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # The legacy SSE transport and the streamable-HTTP transport with JSON responses are enabled by default.
        # To disable a specific transport or JSON responses for the streamable-HTTP transport, use the corresponding flag(s):
```

>         #   - --no-transport-sse-enabled # Disable legacy SSE endpoints (/sse and /messages/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #   - --no-transport-sse-enabled # Disables the legacy SSE endpoint (/sse)
```

  - `host`: host mode.
- `mcp-host-api_key`: Required in self-host mode to authenticate the MCP server with the RAGFlow server. See [here](../acquire_ragflow_api_key.md) for instructions on acquiring an API key.

:::tip INFO

> Host mode need to combined with --no-transport-streamable-http-enabled flag, namely, host+streamable-http is not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `mcp-mode` to `host`, you must add the ·--no-transport-streamable-http-enabled` flag, because the streamable-HTTP transport is not yet supported in host mode.
```
